(upbeat music)
So what if you want to host your Gatsby site
on like a server that you already have.
So, more than likely, you have some server
you're paying a couple of bucks a month for
whether that's DigitalOcean or whether that's some sort
of Bluehost or GoDaddy or, I'm not judging you right now,
but everybody's got one of these servers there.
They're kicking around.
You've got a couple of sites hosted on the thing,
and you just want to host your Gatsby website on it.
Totally doable.
So what I do is, I just got this bosstype.com,
which is just a server that I use for my company.
I've got a couple of WordPress projects on it and what not,
and I just made a folder called pizza.
Now, in order to run your Gatsby website on a subfolder,
you need to change the build slightly
so that it won't run on bosstype.com,
but it'll be bosstype.com/pizza.
So the way that we do that is open up your gatsby.
We'll open up our gatsby-config.js,
and in our export default here,
we're going to put a pathPrefix that is /pizza,
and then we simply run,
npm run build,
but in this case, we need to pass an additional flag,
so that it will build with the prefix
on all the links that we have.
So, the way that we do that is normally it's --prefix-paths,
but, in our case, we're already running npm run build,
so in order to pass arguments, you have to say
- --prefix-paths,
and you can see that it passed that prefix-paths
along to gatsby build.
Once it's built that whole thing, open up your ftp client.
I'm using Transmit here.
Go into your gatsby folder, go into your public folder,
select everything in there, drag, drop, go grab a coffee
'cause this will take, I don't know, five or six minutes.
The output of the gatsby build is not necessarily large,
but ftp only uploads a couple of files at once,
so it needs to do the whole connect, upload, handshake,
close down.
That's why uploading lots
of very small files can sometimes take a while,
so I'll pause it, and I'll come back once this is uploaded.
All right, that finished uploading.
Refresh this sucker, boom!
Fonts are loading.
Images are loading.
You will need to add bosstype.com or your domain name
to the allowed origins on your Sanity Studio,
but again, we've gone through that a couple of times,
so I'm not gonna show you how to do that.
All right, let's click through.
Make sure all these URLs are working.
Looks good, looks good.
I like it.
Oh, one little thing is it's looking
like the favicon is looking for forward slash,
and that's probably because of our meta,
what was that called?
Let's look in that layout.
ContentStyles, is it in the nav?
It's in our SEO.
This, right here, is linking, so you'd have to modify that
or pull the URL from an environmental variable.
I'm not gonna fix that right now,
but that's really the only issue that we have.
Everything else seems to be working.
Just find, I think the only downside is that,
there are no serverless functions being run
on your own current server, so if you wanted
to get that to work, then you'd have to deploy it
to some other serverless function host,
and that's a whole ordeal on it's own.
So, that really depends if you're using serverless functions
for your website or not.
If you're not, you can host it pretty much anywhere.
If you want, if you are, I would recommend sticking
with Netlify because Netlify just takes care
of all of that for you, which is pretty cool.
So that is hosting it off on your own.
See you in the next video.